README.md, before:

# lut_cmim2019
Repository following Computer Methods in Mechanics course at LUT in 2019

It will contain code snippets used during the lectures and some useful links (below).

## Course Materials
The first half of the course is based on the following book:

Linge S. and Langtangen H. P., *Programming for Computations - MATLAB/Octave: A Gentle Introduction to Numerical Simulations with MATLAB/Octave*. 2016.

The book is freely avaliable here: [Programming for Computations](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F978-3-319-32452-4).

Another great source is official MATLAB help website [MATLAB Documentation](https://se.mathworks.com/help/matlab/). If you do not know where to start, simply go to [Getting Started](https://se.mathworks.com/help/matlab/getting-started-with-matlab.html) and explore tutorials.

### About git
* [GitHub Git Handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/)
* [git - the simple guide](http://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/)
* [GitHub git cheat sheet (PDF)](https://services.github.com/on-demand/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)
* [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
* [A successful Git branching model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)

#### .gitignore
* [Atlassian .gitignore tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/saving-changes/gitignore)
* [A collection of useful .gitignore templates](https://github.com/github/gitignore)

#### README.md
* [Basic Markdown writing and formatting syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/)
* [GitHub Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

### Extra
* [List of Free Learning Resources (programming)](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)

Commit message:

update readme to indicate that source of the scripts often cames from the book.

README.md, after:

# lut_cmim2019
Repository following Computer Methods in Mechanics course at LUT in 2019

It will contain code snippets used during the lectures and some useful links (below).

## Course Materials
The first half of the course is based on the following book:

Linge S. and Langtangen H. P., *Programming for Computations - MATLAB/Octave: A Gentle Introduction to Numerical Simulations with MATLAB/Octave*. 2016.

The book is freely avaliable here: [Programming for Computations](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007%2F978-3-319-32452-4).

Some of the code examples in this repository are taken directly from the book above. I usually made minor changes, and verify code correctness but scripts base implementation is listed in the book.

Another great source is official MATLAB help website [MATLAB Documentation](https://se.mathworks.com/help/matlab/). If you do not know where to start, simply go to [Getting Started](https://se.mathworks.com/help/matlab/getting-started-with-matlab.html) and explore tutorials.

### About git
* [GitHub Git Handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/)
* [git - the simple guide](http://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/)
* [GitHub git cheat sheet (PDF)](https://services.github.com/on-demand/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)
* [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/)
* [A successful Git branching model](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)

#### .gitignore
* [Atlassian .gitignore tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/saving-changes/gitignore)
* [A collection of useful .gitignore templates](https://github.com/github/gitignore)

#### README.md
* [Basic Markdown writing and formatting syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/)
* [GitHub Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

### Extra
* [List of Free Learning Resources (programming)](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)
